Hello everyone in today's video, I tell you
I'll tell you what I'm doing then when I have
no time to pack and look right
well for example we rush to work on
I just wanted to study in the evening and
go out with friends in a cafe and hair is not
laid or there are such days when
hair just look in different directions and
somehow you have to fight it you know
I'm not a fan of any super
straight complicated styling for every day
It is precisely for this reason that I have found for myself
the solution is when the hairs here street should
look beautiful then the rest
hairstyle will look neat and so
what do i need first
to make styling literally
for a couple of minutes firstly it iron them on
using ironing and making out curls
the outside
further need a comb of course and
some styling products i
for example, I use a silhouette from schwarzkopf
called this care and styling two in
this one I like him because he
does not overdry hair and possess very
so lightly styling effect and
I will need some crab for
that the rest of the hair does not interfere but
intestines expose temperature for curls
I usually use about a hundred and ninety
200 degrees because hair is heavy and
glasses a stranger heats up show you when
help what ironing will do this
laying last time it was them and
I use
this attiva is a new line from home
professional comb carefully
hair so that they grow well annas
and then I separate
The part of the hair I need will probably begin with
of this side and here I take somewhere such
the part can even be long left
have your hair well decorated
it is the face and everything else is fixed
With the help of the crab I will highlight the first
my strand is quite small and what am I
do i just turn over and and here
in this way
and now very carefully am dropping down
now it's the same i repeat on
the second side
I also highlight something like this
number of strands
now I loose my hair and it turned out
such curls street
you can basically add it here
for example , the first ones are these strands, but I
sometimes sometimes add them let
show you more tell you how i am doing
curl generally exists a lot
different ways how to curl hair when
ironing help but for my hair this one
method has proved the most effective
I have to clamp my hair like that first
then turned the iron
like this, I put the strand down and start
I can scroll a little bit
scroll like the iron itself so I can and
just scroll your hair like this
everything is very fast very simple and for
long hair seems to me the most
the best way to wind the hair
if you're interested, I can show you
still
other ways how to wind your hair
same thing you can do it from
faces that is to take strands and you can face
curling just scrolling a little bit
iron
that's all that's left for me
just comb and curls so they
very good so
fit did not clog the street when
this was not the effect
too twisted such twisted
hair
if it is more evening version of styling
then you can add bulk when
relief can also be sprinkled
curl them a lesson so that they hold out
as long as possible ie 92
Here is the option that I showed you
perfect for every day and for
work and for study
that is, there is no pretense at the same time
hair pretty nicely laid very
everything looks neat and I hope
you found this video useful
write in the comments what you are laying
hairstyles you wanted to see and on my
channel can add
picture of my group vkontakte see you
in new videos for now